x86: Add [GS]CHI and GCLIM. (#46)
CTSRD-CHERI/cheri-specification: insn-x86-64/schi.tex

\clearpage
\phantomsection
\addcontentsline{toc}{subsection}{SCHI - Set Capability High Half}
\insnxeslabel{schi}
\subsection*{SCHI - Set Capability High Half}

\begin{x86opcodetable}
  \xopcode{NP 0F 0A \emph{/r}}{SCHI \emph{r/mc, r64}}
  {MR}{Valid}{Valid}
  {Set high half of \emph{r/mc} to \emph{r64}.}
\end{x86opcodetable}

\begin{x86opentable}
  \xopen{MR}{ModRM:r/m (r, w)}{ModRM:reg (r)}{NA}{NA}
\end{x86opentable}

\subsubsection*{Description}

Sets the \textbf{high half} of the destination operand to the source
operand and stores the result in the destination operand.  The
destination operand can be a register or memory location; the source

> operand can be a register.  The \textbf{tag} field in the destination

Reviewer: Looks like we already have a macro for this
```suggestion
operand can be a register.  The \ctag{} field in the destination
```
